Анна
B1

I work in Russian company and I work for Yandex. I with internal product, our operators in call centers.

10. 40 So hello Alexander! Nice to meet you. I'm a new product manager in our team and I it's our first one-to-one meeting. How's your day going. I'm fine, thank you. I just start to learn our product and it's my first one-to-one meeting with you as a team member. To start of with, let me introduce myself a little and let me tell me about my experience yet. I have been working as a product manager for three years and I started my career in a legal tech company. So I have my background in law and I worked as a lower but in my previous company there was a great it platform which help customers to create some legal applications, and it also helped lawyers to work. I joined this team and this company in a very tricky period when the new design of this product has just been released. And you might know that it usually turns out in a very interesting way. So there were a lot of bugs and a lot of features for developing. Team needed help and I offered my help to a team. And I became.. My lore role transformed into PM role. And I was a responsible of delivering new features to our product and a customer experience, also I took part in testing process. O also decided some analytics problem. As soon as I did training courses in product management and product analytics I improved my leadership skills and I became full product manager boss of products. By the way, I know that it's very complicated spheres – product, analytics, so in my previous team we have known specialists from these spheres and I'm very excited to meet you here. I think together will be very efficient and productive. So if you feel free come up with any idea and if you will need my help I'm always open. So I <think>[PRON];[individual_sound]_[th as f] it's all that I can tell you about my work and career. Maybe you have sorne question?

I usually intrested in developing products, you know. I have a lot of friends who works as a developers, analytics in it sphere. Also my husband is a developer and you know I always in these news and this field. And I also had some experience in developing products for a lawyers. In my previous job it was just a lucky situation for me and for company because they has no PM and I just finished my project as a lawyer and also was very excited to join to the developer team.

17.00. I think we can get down to more work related works and our agenda.

25.00 So, Alexander, can I ask you some questions about your work experience?

Great you are interviewing our customers and you might know a lot of the complaints. What do you this about our product: what advantages and disadvantages you can name, I don't know?

You know I hope that I will help you with prioritizing the road map because that's a part of PM job. I also understand how many times interviewing of our customers needs because I had such experience at my previous job. That really hard work. You know, maybe you can  tell me a little about what do you expect from collaboration with product managers.

33.17

It reminds me the situation at my previous job when I worked as PM and our team leader <quit>[PRON];[individual sound]_[i as ai] company. So it was very hard time for our team and I took it up on myself to motivate my coworkers and my developers to follow our work and to structure our <process>[PRON];[individual sound]_[c an ts] again. So what did I do…  in this hard time I decided to set up meetings and I decided to divide it into two parts. At first we discussed some feelings and problems which we could face because of it.

And after that at the second part we discussed our new working processes and we choose the new team leader from our developer team.